Second part of the thermomechanics tutorial series (#18909)
idaholab/moose: modules/contact/doc/content/modules/contact/tutorials/introduction/answer02a.md

> Look at the
> [`NodalValueSampler`](NodalValueSampler.md)[vectorpostprocessor](VectorPostprocessors/index.md)
> and see if you can use its
> [!param](VectorPostprocessors/NodalValueSampler/block) parameter to output the
> `pillars_normal_lm` variable on the `pillars_secondary_subdomain` subdomain.

Add the following block to the `step02.i` input

```
[VectorPostprocessors]
  [normal0]
    type = NodalValueSampler
    variable = pillars_normal_lm
    block = pillars_secondary_subdomain
    sort_by = id
    execute_on = 'INITIAL TIMESTEP_END'
  []
[]
```

In the `[Outputs]` block add the `csv = true` parameter. Run the input and you
should end up with the new output file `step02_out_normal0_0000.csv` through
`step02_out_normal0_0010.csv` (one output for each time step plus one for the
initial condition).

In the CSV files you will find multiple columns. The rows are ordered according

> to node ID, which should result in a continious path along the mortar subdomain.

Reviewer: continuous

You can also order the rows by any coordinate component.

In the same directory as the tutorial inputs you will find a small python script
to plot the contact pressure (using matplotlib and pandas). It should serve as a
starting point for custom plot generation.

> Note since we did not explicitly request the `NodalValueSampler` to use the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that since we did not explicitly request the `NodalValueSampler` to use the
```

displaced mesh with `use_displaced_mesh = true` the coordinates in the CSV file

> refer to the un deformed positions along the contact surface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
refer to the undeformed positions along the contact surface.
```
